Vert.x investigation rapport:

	Clustering
	
	1. Clustering is now in normal condition works fine only with Hazelcast library.
		a) checked on open-source version
		b) do not checked on enterprise version, and do not sure is there reason for using enterprise only for clustering
	2. Clustering with Hazelcast can be done on two ways:
		a) Multicasting - works out-box without any configuration
		b) Client-Master joins - required 1 live node (cluster member) to join to. When join to that node, that live node will send
			list of all known nodes to the new node, to join with. Than 1 master node will be chosen (usually that is the oldest living node)


	Metrics

	1. There is (now) 2 available ways to collect metrics:
		1.1) Hawkular - now is only in Alpha versions, up to 1.0.0.Alpha11
			a) Pros and cones:
				IT IS IN ALPHA VERSION NOW!!!

				1) Is a standalone server. Vert.x application sends defined list of statistics to the server.
				2) Vert.x integration is a bit harder than for Dropwizard.
				3) This is Alpha version, so there are few mistakes with startup process (sometimes auth server cannot be found, but, it is embed in the standalone) - 
					http://www.hawkular.org/docs/user/quick-start.html#_troubleshooting
				4) Do not support Vert.x statistics visualizing out-box. The only way to visualize metrics is to integrate InfluxDB v0.8.x with "Graphana" (read next).
				5) Graphana - is another standalone server for integration with well-known products, for instance - Hawkular, and visualize it's metrics. It has not any direct integration with,
					Hawkular API, so now it only can work only with Hawkular's embedded database InfluxDB v0.8.x.
				6) Graphana needs to configure all necessary statistics by your own - that means, it has not any available statistics list to chose to visualize, but, Vert.x documentation 
					has list of all statistics' names sent to the Hawkular server.

		1.2) Dropwizard:
			a) Has stable version.
			b) works only with JMX
			c) Needs Jolokia JMX client to 

